Good morning, Dreamhouse.
Good morning, Barbie.
How are you?
It's a beautiful day,
and I get
to make magic with you.
♪ The sun shines
On our house today ♪
♪ And just like magic ♪
♪ A rainbow slide
Takes me away ♪
Oh, wow!
♪ Excitement in every room ♪
♪ And all that you wish
Can come true! ♪
♪ So much we can make ♪
♪ All that it takes ♪
♪ Is imagination ♪
♪ Let's play a new game ♪
♪ Today's the best day ♪
♪ All you gotta do is say ♪
♪ Hello, Dreamhouse ♪
♪ La-la la la-la ♪
♪ You are a dream come true ♪
Yeah!
♪ In my Dreamhouse ♪
♪ La-la la la-la ♪
♪ There's magic in every room ♪
Oh, wow!
♪ 'Cause if you dream it ♪
♪ You can be it ♪
♪ Just imagine ♪
♪ Anything you like ♪
♪ In my Dreamhouse ♪
♪ La-la la la-la ♪
♪ There's magic in every room ♪
Come on! Let's go!
♪ A butterfly lands
On my nose ♪
♪ I feel so happy ♪
♪ Dance around
As the colors glow ♪
Watch the colors glow!
♪ Excitement in every room ♪
♪ And all that you wish
Can come true ♪
♪ So much we can make ♪
♪ All that it takes ♪
♪ Is imagination ♪
♪ Let's play a new game ♪
♪ Today's the best day ♪
♪ All you gotta do is say ♪
♪ Hello, Dreamhouse ♪
♪ La-la la la-la ♪
♪ You are a dream come true ♪
Yeah!
♪ In my Dreamhouse ♪
♪ La-la la la-la ♪
♪ There's magic in every room ♪
Oh, wow!
♪ 'Cause if you dream it ♪
♪ You can be it ♪
♪ Just imagine ♪
♪ Anything you like ♪
♪ In my Dreamhouse ♪
♪ La-la la la-la ♪
♪ There's magic in every room ♪
Come on, let's go!
♪ Making dreams come true
Oh, wow ♪
♪ Let's celebrate, oh, wow ♪
♪ Sun is shining
Sun is shining ♪
♪ Sing with me now ♪
♪ Making dreams come true
Oh, wow ♪
♪ Let's celebrate, oh, wow ♪
♪ Sun is shining
Sun is shining ♪
♪ Sing with me now ♪
Hi, Barbie!
Hi, Chelsea.
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Hello, Barbie.
Two hot chocolates, please.
You got it, Barbie!
Whoa, cool!
Yum!
I didn't know it could do that!
With the new Smarthome app,
the Dreamhouse can do
just about anything.
Anything?
Hello, Dreamhouse?
Yes, Chelsea?
Can you help me plan
an awesome party tomorrow?
Why, of course.
I'd be happy to help.
Wait!
I... um... I mean... party?
Why do we need a party?
Is there something happening
tomorrow?
It's my birthday!
It's my birthday,
it's my birthday,
it's my birthday, yeah!
Really? Are you sure?
I could have sworn
that was next week.
Nuh-uh.
Hello, Dreamhouse.
When is my birthday?
My calendar shows
that tomorrow is,
in fact, your birthday.
It's my birthday,
it's my birthday,
it's my birthday, yeah!
It's my birth...
Wait.
You're up to something,
aren't you?
I... have no idea
what you're talking about.
I am not planning...
I mean, why would I be...
Oh, thank goodness.
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Show me who's
at the door, please.
Barbie, Teresa, Renee!
Oh! Quick, let's hide!
Why are we hiding, exactly?
You'll see. I've got an idea.
Hmm. That's weird.
Uh, Barbie did tell us
to meet her here, right?
Huh. It's on my calendar.
Huh.
Slumber...
party?
Wow.
Love it!
- Cool!
- Ooh!
A kaleidoscope of butterflies!
That's what you call
a group of butterflies,
a kaleidoscope.
Ah! Beautiful.
How is this possible?
Hello!
Aah!
Your... your face...
If only you could see yourself.
You were like... Whoa!
You got me good there, for sure.
Ho-ho, we're gonna
get you for that!
- Come here!
- Look out!
- Thanks for coming.
- Of course!
So... those butterflies?
Where did they go?
And where did they come from?
It's all part of the magic
of the new Dreamhouse.
I'm gonna get ya!
Hello, Dreamhouse!
Activate chessboard.
Come here!
Does Chelsea have any idea...
That you three are really here
to help me plan
the most epic surprise
birthday party ever tomorrow?
She has no clue
what we're really up to.
She thinks you're here for
a perfectly normal sleepover.
So... what do you have
planned so far?
I know she wants a carrot cake
with pink and white frosting,
and I've picked out decorations,
but there's something missing.
I just can't put
my finger on it.
We can figure it out together.
Stop her!
Whaa...
When did... she get... so fast?
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Activate slide.
Oh! And ball pit.
Whoo! Whoo-hoo!
Aah!
Whoa!
Whee!
All right, this new
Smarthome app is pretty cool.
"Pretty cool"?
Hello, Dreamhouse...
Up, please.
What?!
Whoo!
Time for bed.
Doh moh go behbuh.
Moh moh noh!
Chelsea, finish
brushing your teeth first.
In the bathroom.
Nnh ghh buhroo!
I don't want to go to bed yet.
I'm having too much fun.
See? You're exhausted.
Besides, the sooner
you get to sleep,
the sooner it's your birthday!
All right.
I guess I'm pretty tired.
Can we at least
do a story first?
That's a great idea.
What kind of story
do you want to hear?
Hmm. I'm not sure.
Why don't we make one up?
Together.
I love that.
Genius!
Yay!
Okay, Chels,
why don't you start?
Okay. Hmm.
Once upon a time,
there were two mermaids.
Why don't we have
the Dreamhouse
bring the story to life?
Hello, Dreamhouse?
Way ahead of you, Barbie.
- Whoa!
- And they each had a pet...
Sea turtle!
No, octopi!
Technically, the plural
of "octopus" is "octopuses".
Really? That sounds funny.
I know, right?
Okay. Pet octopuses.
That's still not right.
- How about dolphins?
- Yeah!
They loved playing
in the waves together.
And exploring
the beautiful coral reefs
and discovering
new undersea flora and fauna.
Ooh! And they loved...
dance parties!
Yeah! Ballet dance parties.
I love... I mean,
the mermaids love ballet
because it's so graceful
and it takes so much practice
to get right.
One day, they were
so busy dancing
that they didn't see
the Sea Dragon
was right behind them!
The Sea Dragon!
Who wore a pearl necklace.
She said sorry
for scaring the mermaids.
She was just lonely,
and she invited the mermaids
over for a tea party.
The mermaids
sipped underwater tea
with the Sea Dragon...
and they all became
the best of friends.
The end.
Best... story... ever.
So imaginative.
So fun.
Magical.
Thank you!
Mm!
Mm...
Time for bed.
Okay.
Good night, Chelsea.
Good night, everyone.
She's asleep. Finally.
So, how can we help with
the surprise party tomorrow?
I want to throw Chelsea
the biggest and best
birthday ever.
A birthday so special that...
that we can't even
call it a birthday.
What should we call it, then?
A Dreamday.
We should call it a Dreamday!
I like it.
So, what have you
figured out so far?
I've made a list
of everything we need to do,
but... there's still
something missing.
Something to bring it
all together.
We need a theme!
All good birthdays,
or Dreamdays,
have a theme, right?
That's it!
Let's brainstorm party themes.
Do you have any ideas?
Excuse me, Barbie.
I have a reminder set.
Time for bed.
Oh, right.
You heard her story.
She loves ballet dance parties.
How about a ballet-themed party?
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Hello, Barbie.
♪ Come with me ♪
♪ Let's brush our teeth ♪
♪ Put on your PJs ♪
♪ A bedtime routine ♪
♪ Wash your face ♪
♪ Get squeaky clean ♪
♪ You know it's time for bed
It's time for sweet dreams ♪
♪ Turn your night light on
Let it shine ♪
♪ All our dreams
Are coming to life ♪
♪ We gotta jump into bed ♪
♪ Come and sing with me ♪
♪ It's a bedtime ballet
Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ With me and my friends ♪
♪ Get ready for bed ♪
♪ So sing along
So sing along ♪
♪ It goes like oh-oh oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ It's a
It's a bedtime ballet ♪
♪ Oh-oh oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ It's a
It's a bedtime ballet ♪
Now I'm getting really sleepy.
Dreamtime!
Chelsea, like me, is also
very curious and imaginative.
Remember the Sea Dragon?
What if we had some
intellectual conversation
over a fancy tea party?
Uh, hello?
We're forgetting that
the whole story took place
in the water and waves.
We should transform the pool
into a beach paradise party.
I love these ideas!
And we can't forget
the pet dolphins.
Chelsea loves animals.
- Aww...
- So cute!
♪ Our bedtime story
We're gonna write ♪
♪ Hey, Dreamhouse
Can you bring it all to life? ♪
- Come on!
- ♪ Imagination ♪
♪ Is all we need ♪
♪ Yeah, it's time for bed
It's time for sweet dreams ♪
♪ Turn your night light on
Let it shine ♪
♪ All our dreams
Are coming to life ♪
♪ We gotta jump into bed ♪
♪ Come and sing with me ♪
♪ It's a bedtime ballet
Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ With me and my friends ♪
♪ Get ready for bed ♪
♪ So sing along
So sing along ♪
♪ It goes like oh-oh oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ It's a
It's a bedtime ballet ♪
♪ Oh-oh oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ It's a
It's a bedtime ballet ♪
♪ We're all getting sleepy ♪
♪ Cozy in our PJs ♪
♪ So wash your face ♪
♪ Brush your teeth ♪
♪ And say it now with me ♪
♪ It's a bedtime ballet
Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ With me and my friends ♪
♪ Get ready for bed ♪
♪ So sing along
So sing along ♪
♪ Oh-oh oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ It's a
It's a bedtime ballet ♪
Sweet dreams!
So... which theme
do you think we should do?
Hmm... I love them all so much.
Aw...
Let's do all of them!
Mm...
I'll see you later for...
Don't want to keep
Mr. and Mrs. Roberts waiting.
Have a great soccer practice!
Okay, I just...
Bye, love you!
- But...
- Bye! See you later!
Have fun! Bye!
Goodb...
Okay. No time to waste.
Let's get started.
Brooklyn, you take
the living room.
On it!
Teresa gets the dining room,
and Renee...
I'll be out by the pool
making the magic happen.
You are magic. Thank you.
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Let's get started, shall we?
Hello, Barbie.
How can I assist you?
We need to transform this room
into a ballet studio.
Wow. Yes!
But we need mirrors.
Could you make the windows...
Ah! Love it!
Thank you, Barbie.
Now, I need to change.
Perfect.
Hello, Dreamhouse?
We'll need a tea set.
Of course, Barbie.
Ooh, yes.
And on the tables,
can we get a delectable display
of veggie tea sandwiches,
cupcakes, and fruit tarts?
Absolutely.
That is lovely!
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Can you please add
some floaties to the pool?
Perfect. Okay, now,
can we add a couple cabanas
there and there,
and some lounge chairs?
Awesome!
Oh! And how about
a volleyball net over here?
Oh! Thank you, Dreamhouse!
This is so fun.
Mm.
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Could I have a bunch
of puppies, please?
Of course, Barbie.
Aww!
And some kittens too, please?
Aw, thanks, Dreamhouse.
No problem!
Hmm...
it just doesn't feel
Dreamday special enough.
Hello, Dreamhouse?
Dreamhouse?
How may I assist you, Barbie?
Could we add bunnies?
If you dream it...
Oh, wait a second.
Uh... Barbie?
Could you make the animals
fun different colors, please?
Aw! Perfect.
Will you please
excuse me? Renee is calling.
Thank you, Dreamhouse.
Now, let's see how everyone else
is doing with their parties.
Wow.
It's perfect, isn't it?
Yeah. But maybe...
How about a disco ball
and a light show?
Um...
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Would you mind?
Keep going. Make it magical.
- How's it going?
- Great!
I'm brainstorming
all the cool things
we can talk about with Chelsea.
Should we contemplate
the vastness
of the stars, space,
and the universe first,
or the wondrous world of mold?
Hmm...
Huh, what am I thinking?
Por supuesto, it should be...
Hello, Dreamhouse?
What are the differences
and similarities
between llamas and alpacas?
Uh, the average alpaca
weighs 150 pounds,
whereas a llama can weigh
up to 400 pounds,
although both llamas and alpacas
have a similar alarm call
when they sense danger.
It sounds like this.
Okay, thank you.
That was... informative.
Oh, hey, Barbie,
what do you think?
About llamas?
The tea party!
Oh! It's fantastic.
But... we need a centerpiece.
Hello, Dreamhouse?
Can we get a giant cake
right here, please?
Bigger!
That's perfect!
Isn't this incredible?
Yes, it is,
but it can be
even more incredible.
Hello, Dreamhouse...
add palm trees!
You got it, Barbie.
Awesome!
And a waterslide!
Oh! Yes, yes, Barbie.
It's... my pleasure.
That... is... so... epic!
Malibu, I think you should
stop for just a second.
No time. Can't stop.
Chelsea will be back soon!
We need to dream bigger.
Hello, Dreamhouse!
Add giraffes and zebras
and... ...lions!
Lions?!
Right. Bad idea.
Scrap the lions.
Dreamhouse, how about
we scrap all large animals...
for safety.
Okay, Dreamhouse,
let's get to work.
Okay, Barbie.
I'll do my best to keep up.
♪ Hello, Dreamhouse ♪
♪ Could we please
Add unicorns? ♪
♪ And pink palm trees? ♪
♪ And tiny fairies
Serving tea? ♪
Sure thing, Barbie! Anything!
♪ Dreamhouse
We are gonna need ♪
♪ More flamingos ♪
♪ Dolphins, please ♪
♪ Rainbow waves ♪
♪ Can you make them sparkly? ♪
♪ Purple puppies
And bright blue bunnies ♪
♪ The ceilings
Turn into stars ♪
Just a moment, please.
♪ Mermaids splashing
And spotlights flashing ♪
Got it!
♪ Anything we dream
Can be ours ♪
Okay, sure!
♪ Let imagination ♪
♪ Take us to new places ♪
♪ Dream a bit bigger ♪
♪ Dreamday gets better ♪
♪ We dream the biggest
When we dream together ♪
♪ Come on, get creative ♪
♪ Share your inspiration ♪
♪ Dream a bit bigger ♪
♪ Dreamday gets better ♪
♪ We dream the biggest
When we dream together ♪
♪ Hello, Dreamhouse
Me again! ♪
♪ I think we need
More fluffy friends ♪
♪ More kitties
In the puppy pen ♪
Sure thing, Barbie.
No problem.
♪ Dreamhouse, we are gonna need
A disco ball ♪
- ♪ A DJ, please ♪
- ♪ And laser lights ♪
♪ Can she play a song for me? ♪
♪ Tutus twirling
And icing swirling ♪
- ♪ On cake as tall as a tower ♪
- You got it, Barbie!
♪ Lemon slices
And tea cups flying ♪
Sure!
♪ Anything we dream
Can be ours ♪
Absolutely.
♪ Let imagination ♪
♪ Take us to new places ♪
♪ Dream a bit bigger ♪
♪ Dreamday gets better ♪
♪ We dream the biggest
When we dream together ♪
♪ Come on, get creative ♪
♪ Share your inspiration ♪
♪ Dream a bit bigger ♪
♪ Dreamday gets better ♪
♪ We dream the biggest
When we dream together ♪
Okay, Dreamhouse.
There's just one last thing.
I-I-I-I'm listening.
And this one's pretty fun.
Let's hear it, Barbie.
I was wondering if we could add
a big fluffy purple dragon
with a flower crown!
♪ Let imagination ♪
♪ Take us to new places ♪
♪ Dream a bit bigger
Dreamday gets better ♪
♪ We dream the biggest
When we dream together ♪
♪ Come on, get creative ♪
♪ Share your inspiration ♪
♪ Dream a bit bigger ♪
♪ Dreamday gets better ♪
♪ We dream the biggest
When we dream together ♪
B-Barbie?
A little t-trouble.
I-I... am... detecting an error.
Is that chlorinated pool water?
What happened to my
Rosehip Peach Delight?
Aah!
Uh, Teresa, I think we found
your Rosehip Peach Delight.
Oh, no.
Oh...
He-hello, Bar-bie...
bie-bie-bie-bie... Hello.
Wow.
I am so sorry, Dreamhouse.
I got carried away.
You tried to warn me.
Hey, I got caught up
in it all too.
Oh, I should have realized
we were overworking
the programming.
Hello, Barbie.
Man, we totally crashed
the poor Dreamhouse app.
Now everything is ruined,
and Chelsea could be back
any minute!
Let's not panic.
It's not too bad.
Okay, it's pretty bad,
but we got this!
Like my Granny Vi always said,
remember to K.I.S.S.
"Keep It Simple, Silly."
But I wanted things
to be perfect...
not simple,
and certainly not... this.
You wanted things
to be special, not perfect.
Simple can be special.
Our hearts
were in the right place,
but trying to make four
massive individual parties...
Was way too complicated.
You're right.
I lost sight
of who this was all for...
Chelsea.
We just need to make
one unforgettable party.
Exactly.
And we can still make
an unforgettable Dreamday
together!
But instead of separate parties,
we'll have one beach, ballet,
tea party Dreamday!
With animal friends!
Right. We can do this.
If we work together.
We got this!
I'll help the Dreamhouse
while you clean.
♪ Let's go, dream team ♪
♪ It's time to clean ♪
♪ Everybody all together
Everybody all together ♪
♪ Let's go, dream team ♪
♪ It's time to clean ♪
♪ Everybody all together
Everybody all together now ♪
We can do this!
♪ Okay, so I got
A little carried away ♪
♪ Good thing I have
A friend like you ♪
Thanks for your help.
♪ Today, we made a little mess
But hey ♪
Yeah.
♪ There's not a thing
That we can't do ♪
♪ When we work together ♪
♪ Everything back into place ♪
♪ We're always having fun ♪
♪ When we work together ♪
♪ Sweeping swiftly
Making space ♪
♪ Come on, we're almost done ♪
Wow, it looks great!
♪ Let's go, dream team ♪
♪ It's time to clean ♪
♪ Everybody all together
Everybody all together ♪
♪ Let's go, dream team ♪
♪ It's time to clean ♪
♪ Everybody all together
Everybody all together now ♪
You're the best friends.
Come on!
♪ Let's make a plan, okay? ♪
♪ Lend a helping hand today ♪
♪ Our Dreamday wish
Can still come true ♪
So sparkly!
♪ Use our imagination ♪
♪ To reorganize
This space and ♪
♪ There's not a thing
That we can't do ♪
♪ When we work together ♪
♪ Everything back into place ♪
♪ We're always having fun ♪
♪ When we work together ♪
♪ Sweeping swiftly
Making space ♪
♪ Come on, we're almost done ♪
It looks great!
♪ Let's go, dream team ♪
♪ It's time to clean ♪
♪ Everybody all together
Everybody all together ♪
♪ Let's go, dream team ♪
♪ It's time to clean ♪
♪ Everybody all together
Everybody all together now ♪
Just like brand-new!
He-hello, Ba-Barbie...
bie-bie-bie-bie-bie.
Hello, Barbie.
I feel much better.
I needed some time to recharge.
I am so sorry, Dreamhouse.
I got carried away.
We were so not cool.
I'm sorry too.
I should have known better.
We're all sorry, Dreamhouse.
We had too many ideas
that we tried to make happen
all together,
all at once.
Thank you.
Apologies accepted.
Do you think maybe
you have the energy
to help plan a new party?
But this time, we all
work together as a team...
with you.
I'll certainly try, Barbie.
Okay, but you have
to promise me one thing.
- Yes?
- Let us know
if you're
getting too overwhelmed.
And we'll make sure to consider
how much we're asking you
to do this time.
Oh, thank you, Barbie.
I'll be sure to speak up
if I need help.
Let's get to work!
Chelsea should be here soon.
Okay, I think we should...
Hello? Hello?
Is anyone home?
Barbie?
Where's everyone else?
I thought...
I'm so sorry, Chelsea.
I... uh...
kinda bungled
your birthday party.
Oh.
Let's go sit down,
and I'll explain.
Surprise!
Oh, wow.
It's amazing!
No! It's better than amazing.
It's... splendorificious!
Happy Dreamday, Chelsea.
Happy Dreamday!
Dreamday? What's a Dreamday?
It means Barbie wanted
to throw you
such a perfect birthday,
she almost broke the Dreamhouse
creating it.
That's how much she loves you.
It's like a birthday...
But even more special.
Ee! Thank you all so much!
I love it.
That includes you, Dreamhouse.
Aw. It truly is
my pleasure, Chelsea.
Mm!
Whoa!
Look at her moves!
Go, Chels! Go, Chels!
I love it!
I got you.
So, you see,
there are projectors
all around the Dreamhouse.
Using light
and electromagnetic imagery,
The Connected Dreamhouse
can create the illusion
of solid objects.
Mm!
So cool!
I got it!
Whoa!
I don't got it.
Oh...
I'm impressed.
You really almost had that.
Even in ballet slippers.
Oh, oops!
Can we go again
after I change shoes?
Okay, okay, enough!
I guess there is such a thing
as too many doggie kisses.
Never!
Ahh! Thank you.
This is all so amazing.
You know, all I really need
for a special Dreamday
is to spend it with all of you.
You know what?
I was so worried about
making everything perfect...
but today wasn't perfect at all.
You ate way too many sandwiches,
fell on the floor,
and were covered in drool.
And I loved all of it,
so I guess that means
it's not about
getting things perfect.
It's about how things
make you feel.
The imperfections
make it memorable.
Make it special.
Present time!
Ooh. They're so pretty.
Thank you! I love butterflies.
Ooh, one more thing.
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Activate wings!
These wings actually work.
I...
I can fly?!
Only inside the Dreamhouse.
They won't work outside.
Wow! Whee!
Yeah!
I love them. Thank you so much.
Hello, Dreamhouse.
Dim the lights, please.
Of course, Barbie.
How am I going
to blow out those candles?
Use your wings, silly.
Oh, right.
Hey! We need to sing first!
Yeah!
I know the birthday song,
but what's the Dreamday song?
Let's party!
♪ Happy Dreamday
Happy Dreamday ♪
♪ It's time to celebrate ♪
♪ Celebrate ♪
♪ Let's all have cake ♪
♪ Pink lemonade ♪
♪ Sing happy Dreamday to you ♪
♪ We can dance together ♪
♪ Have the best day ever ♪
♪ Spread your wings and fly ♪
♪ Come on, everybody ♪
♪ Let's go start the party ♪
♪ In the sun outside ♪
♪ Happy Dreamday
Happy Dreamday ♪
♪ It's time to celebrate ♪
♪ Celebrate ♪
♪ Let's all have cake ♪
♪ Pink lemonade ♪
♪ Sing happy Dreamday to you ♪
All right!
♪ Dreamday is amazing ♪
♪ Dancing, celebrating ♪
♪ Having the best time ♪
This is so fun!
♪ Disco ball is spinning ♪
♪ We're splashing
And we're swimming ♪
♪ In the sun outside ♪
♪ Happy Dreamday
Happy Dreamday ♪
♪ It's time to celebrate ♪
♪ Celebrate! Come on! ♪
♪ Let's all have cake ♪
♪ Pink lemonade ♪
♪ Sing happy Dreamday to you ♪
♪ It's not the way
We planned it ♪
♪ It's the perfect Dreamday ♪
Make a wish!
♪ Go with the flow ♪
♪ Blow out the candles ♪
♪ It's the perfect Dreamday ♪
♪ Let's celebrate ♪
♪ Happy Dreamday
Happy Dreamday ♪
♪ It's time to celebrate ♪
♪ Celebrate ♪
♪ Let's all have cake ♪
♪ Pink lemonade ♪
♪ Sing happy Dreamday to you ♪
Make a wish!
Let's go for a swim.
Last one in the water
is a stinky sardine!
Why is the pool pink...
and filled with lemons?
And why is it delicious?